tpl/tplimpl: Add details shortcode (#13100)
gohugoio/hugo: docs/content/en/content-management/shortcodes.md

Although you can call this shortcode using the `{{</* */>}}` notation, computationally it is more efficient to call it using the `{{%/* */%}}` notation as shown above.

### details

{{% note %}}
To override Hugo's embedded `details` shortcode, copy the [source code] to a file with the same name in the layouts/shortcodes directory.

> [source code]: {{% eturl details %}}

Reviewer: Add the following to data/embedded_template_urls.toml:

```text
'details' = 'shortcodes/details.html'
```

{{% /note %}}

> The `details` shortcode allows you to generate a collapsible details HTML element. Example usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `details` shortcode to generate a collapsible details HTML element. For example:
```

```text

>     {{</* details summary="Custom Summary Text" */>}}

Reviewer: Do not indent example

    Showing custom `summary` text.
    {{</* /details */>}}
```

Additional examples can be found in source code. The `details` shortcode can use the following named arguments:

summary
: (`string`) Optional. Specifies the content of the child summary element. Default is "Details"

open
: (`bool`) Optional. Whether to initially display the contents of the details element. Default is `false`.

> [...params]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [...params]

Reviewer: This isn't a named parameter. See below.

> : (`object`) Optional. Additional HTML attributes passed directly to the details element. For instance, can specify `name`, `class`, and other global HTML attributes. 

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
You can also pass global HTML attributes when calling the shortcode. For example:

```text
{{</* details summary="Custom Summary Text" class="my-class" */>}}
Showing custom `summary` text.
{{</* /details */>}}
```
~~~

Although you can call this shortcode using the `{{</* */>}}` notation, computationally it is more efficient to call it using the `{{%/* */%}}` notation as shown above.

### details

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{< new-in 0.140.0 >}}

```

{{% note %}}
To override Hugo's embedded `details` shortcode, copy the [source code] to a file with the same name in the layouts/shortcodes directory.

[source code]: {{% eturl details %}}
{{% /note %}}

Use the `details` shortcode to generate a collapsible details HTML element. For example:

```text
{{</* details summary="Custom Summary Text" */>}}
Showing custom `summary` text.
{{</* /details */>}}
```

> Additional examples can be found in source code. The `details` shortcode can use the following named arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional examples can be found in the source code. The `details` shortcode can use the following named arguments:
```
